README.md, before:

Plugin for MTG Card Tooltips
============================

Enables card images to show on mouseover for Magic the Gathering cards. It
provides a button (and corresponding shortcode tags) that wrap card names or
deck listings and turn them into smart card links with image tooltips.


More Information
----------------

For more details, screenshots and installation instructions please see the 
[official wordpress readme.txt](https://github.com/SebastianZaha/wordpress_mtg_tooltips/blob/master/readme.txt).

For bbpress forum compatibility I have included in the distribution Pippin's
fix for bbpress shortcodes [from here](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/bbpress-do-short-codes/).


Examples
--------

### Basic Deck List

```
[d title="Really Small Deck" style="embedded"]
    Creatures
    2 Bloodbraid Elf
    4 Grizzly Bears

    Spells
    4 Lightning Bolt

    Sideboard
    4 Cultivate
[/d]
```

produces the following result:

![screenshot](https://raw.github.com/SebastianZaha/wordpress_mtg_tooltips/master/screenshot-2.png)

### Arena Format Support

You can paste deck lists directly from MTG Arena, including set codes and collector numbers:

```
[deck]
4 Lightning Bolt (M10) 146
4 Mountain (FIN)
2 Snapcaster Mage (ISD) 78
[/deck]
```

The plugin will:
- Display only the card name (e.g., "Lightning Bolt")
- Link to the specific printing when set code and number are provided
- Support set code without number (e.g., "Mountain (FIN)")
- Work with standard card names (e.g., "Tarmogoyf")

Set codes are case-insensitive.

### Single Card Links

```
Check out [card]Lightning Bolt (M10) 146[/card] in this deck!
Or just link any card: [card]Tarmogoyf[/card]
```

Both formats work:
- With set/number: `[card]Card Name (SET) 123[/card]`
- Without: `[card]Card Name[/card]`


Support and Development
-----------------------

The code in this plugin is inspired from other shortcode-type wordpress plugins that looked 
solid to me. The spacing and conventions try to stay close to the 
[pear standards](http://pear.php.net/manual/en/standards.php). I am not a PHP developer, so I'm 
pretty sure the code here is not *the right way to do it*. 

I'll gladly accept pull requests with improvements and / or code cleanup.

For testing:
```
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wp-cli/builds/gh-pages/phar/wp-cli.phar
chmod +x wp-cli.phar
mv wp-cli.phar ~/.local/bin/wp

curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
mv composer.phar ~/.local/bin/composer

# Setup test database:
bash bin/install-wp-tests.sh wordpress_test some_username 'password' localhost

composer install
```

Run the tests with `composer test`

Commit message:

Add support for inline / embedded images for [card] tags

README.md, after:

Plugin for MTG Card Tooltips
============================

Enables card images to show on mouseover for Magic the Gathering cards. It
provides a button (and corresponding shortcode tags) that wrap card names or
deck listings and turn them into smart card links with image tooltips.


More Information
----------------

For more details, screenshots and installation instructions please see the 
[official wordpress readme.txt](https://github.com/SebastianZaha/wordpress_mtg_tooltips/blob/master/readme.txt).

For bbpress forum compatibility I have included in the distribution Pippin's
fix for bbpress shortcodes [from here](http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/bbpress-do-short-codes/).


Examples
--------

### Basic Deck List

```
[d title="Really Small Deck" style="embedded"]
    Creatures
    2 Bloodbraid Elf
    4 Grizzly Bears

    Spells
    4 Lightning Bolt

    Sideboard
    4 Cultivate
[/d]
```

produces the following result:

![screenshot](https://raw.github.com/SebastianZaha/wordpress_mtg_tooltips/master/screenshot-2.png)

### Arena Format Support

You can paste deck lists directly from MTG Arena, including set codes and collector numbers:

```
[deck]
4 Lightning Bolt (M10) 146
4 Mountain (FIN)
2 Snapcaster Mage (ISD) 78
[/deck]
```

The plugin will:
- Display only the card name (e.g., "Lightning Bolt")
- Link to the specific printing when set code and number are provided
- Support set code without number (e.g., "Mountain (FIN)")
- Work with standard card names (e.g., "Tarmogoyf")

Set codes are case-insensitive.

### Single Card Links

```
Check out [card]Lightning Bolt (M10) 146[/card] in this deck!
Or just link any card: [card]Tarmogoyf[/card]
```

Both formats work:
- With set/number: `[card]Card Name (SET) 123[/card]`
- Without: `[card]Card Name[/card]`

You can also display cards inline with the embedded style instead of showing them as tooltips:

```
[card style="embedded"]Lightning Bolt[/card]
[c style="embedded"]Tarmogoyf (FUT) 153[/c]
```


Support and Development
-----------------------

The code in this plugin is inspired from other shortcode-type wordpress plugins that looked 
solid to me. The spacing and conventions try to stay close to the 
[pear standards](http://pear.php.net/manual/en/standards.php). I am not a PHP developer, so I'm 
pretty sure the code here is not *the right way to do it*. 

I'll gladly accept pull requests with improvements and / or code cleanup.

For testing:
```
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wp-cli/builds/gh-pages/phar/wp-cli.phar
chmod +x wp-cli.phar
mv wp-cli.phar ~/.local/bin/wp

curl -sS https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
mv composer.phar ~/.local/bin/composer

# Setup test database:
bash bin/install-wp-tests.sh wordpress_test some_username 'password' localhost

composer install
```

Run the tests with `composer test`
